SH33414: Updated screenshots for Admin Console GitOps (#609)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/kotsadm/gitops/multi-app-workflows.md

draft: false
---

While the Admin Console is initially configured to receive updates, show the changes and deploy them to the cluster, this process can be changed and converted to use a GitOps workflow instead.
When using a GitOps workflow, changes from the Admin Console (config changes, upstream updates, license updates) will be pushed to a private Git repository, where an existing CI/CD process can execute to deliver the manifests to the cluster.

To begin migrating to a GitOps deployment workflow:

> 1. Click the GitOps link at the top of the Admin Console, then click on "Get started".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the GitOps link at the top of the Admin Console, then click on **Get started**.
```

>     The GitOps Provider page opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```

>     The GitOps Provider page opens.

Reviewer: Delete- I added this line to the first step. I'm indifferent if you feel strongly about keeping it on a separate line, but I normally do in the same step with a line break.

> 1. Choose the Git provider and hostname (if applicable), then click on "Finish GitOps setup".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the Git provider and hostname (if applicable), then click on **Finish GitOps setup**.
```

> 1. Choose the Git provider and hostname (if applicable), then click on "Finish GitOps setup".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the Git provider and hostname (if applicable), then click on **Finish GitOps setup**.
```

>     A screen displaying all of your apps with the status of GitOps integration for each app will show up next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A screen displaying all of your apps appears.
```

> 1. Click the "Enable" button next to the app you want to enable GitOps for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Enable** button next to the app you want to enable GitOps for.
```

    ![GitOps Provider](/images/gitops-apps.png)

>     You'll be taken to the GitOps settings page for that app.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, I would move this up to the step and not do a line break so it isn't lost amid the graphic.

Author: I refer keeping the results step as a separate paragraph because it's easier to scan. But, I can go either way and we can let Paige weigh in too. I guess we should consult the Chicago Manual of Style when we do the rewrites for the new docs site. But for now, we can take your changes as is.

1. On the GitOps  setting page:

    1. Enter the repo details, and optionally branch and path to commit to in the repo.

    1. Select the action to take when there's an update. The Admin Console can create a new commit to the branch specified.

>     1. On this page, there's an option to choose what type of asset to deliver to the git repo. Selecting "Rendered YAML" will result in a single, multi-doc YAML file being committed to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. On this page, there's an option to choose what type of asset to deliver to the git repo. Selecting **Rendered YAML** will result in a single, multi-doc YAML file being committed to the repo.
```

    ![GitOps Action](/images/gitops-action-new-multi.png)

> 1. Once GitOps is set up, the "GitOps" tab will contain a public deploy key. The private key will be stored securely in the Admin Console. Add the deploy key to the repo, and verify that the Admin Console can connect by clicking the "Try again" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When GitOps is set up, the **GitOps** tab will contain a public deploy key. The private key will be stored securely in the Admin Console. Add the deploy key to the repo, and verify that the Admin Console can connect by clicking **Try again**.
```

>     Once the Admin Console establishes a connection to the repo, the following screen will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When the Admin Console establishes a connection to the repo, the following screen will be displayed.
```

    ![GitOps Action](/images/gitops-connected-multi.png)

## First commits

> After converting to GitOps, the Admin Console will make a commit/pull request with the current version that's "Deployed".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After converting to GitOps, the Admin Console will make a commit/pull request with the current version that's **Deployed**.
```
